# 2024-12-27

### Entry 1:

I've added the ability to move units, but only to territories already owned by the current player.

I still need to add the logic for combat. It needs to involve rolling the dice and letting combat play out. I'll keep this totally random at the unit level.

### Entry 2:

I should add changing colors to the highlight which player is active and should highlight their territories as well.

### Entry 3:

The logic has pretty much all gotten written out in the ui_handler.py file. That's fine for now. I know it isn't even close to right and I'll reorganize later.

### Entry 4:

From the notes yesterday:

---

- add coin and units per round attribute for each territory
  - modify `territory.py` to add attribute to class
  - modify `game.py` to change how the board is initiated

---

I've added two simple attributes for units and coins to the `Territory` class:

- `self.units_per_round = 1`
- `self.coins_per_round = 1`

But in order to actually do anything with this, I'll need to firm up how I'm managing the end of each player's turn and the end of the round. The units and coins per round should be added when the round is over.

### Entry 5:

It's starting to take shape. I think I have this basically done for units. It looks like there's a bug around moving from round 0 to round 1.

The remaining items I have to come back to are:

- limit the distance units can move in a single round. I think there's a way to do this with a limitation around the max units I can move from a given territory in any round. I want to avoid needing to make a unit class for the time being. That could be an interesting place to add texture to the game at some point, but it is out of scope for now.
- Check for a bug with unit count when going from round 0 to round 1
- Make some basic aesthetic upgrades.

  - highlight the active player and their territitories
  - create a small area to watch combat play out step by step
  - add the total unit count to the player summaries

- add end-game dialog
- start draft of how to deal with refactoring
