# 2024-12-12

Some thoughts on where I want the project to go...

First, I want to set up a basic game engine

    I want to get a little bit more object oriented in my regular programming.
    This feels like a great way to practice that.

    I don't want to go too far down the inheretence hell spiral...
    Most of my code at the moment is very procedural, and it's working effectively...
    But I just want to see if I can get a multiplier effect on my coding ability by
    getting just a bit more comfortable with OOP.

    I really hate reaching for abstraction too quickly, so this will be a little uncomfortable for me.
    That's the point.

Second, I want to set up a VERY basic UI.

    I use Streamlit regularly for work.

    I know this isn't what people *should* use Streamlit for.

    But if I can get a real working version of it working in Streamlit that would be kinda dope...

Third, I want to set up the ability to play against an LLM.

    Given my role as a ML practitioner and the emerging popularity of LLMs I want to find some
    interesting and novel ways to use these tools. This just sounds like a fun one.

Some predictions:

    I'll iterate on these areas quite a bit. Once the game engine is set up and refined/refactored 2 or 3 times
    the iterations will probably slow down there, then I'll only make changes when the game feels static and
    I'm board.

    After I get a presentable version of the UI done in Streamlit, I'll remake the UI using another library in
    Python OR if I'm feeling really frisky I'll try to learn another language for it.

    As for setting up an LLM as the opponent, I'll have to iterate quite a bit with the setup, prompting, modality
    (all text vs sending screenshots). After quite a bit of iteration and I get it to a point I'm comfortable
    releasing... I bet I'll need to separate this part into it's own dedicated server. With that I'd be able to
    store game history, allow for longer-term games to play out. I think that would be cool.

    Now I'm talking myself into it, I'll definitely need a separate backend server to allow for games to be saved.
    I've done things like this for work on AWS. I haven't really had to explore any other deployment options, so that
    will be it's own learning opportunity.

---

Luke Townsend
